Ordered from the renowned Ta Shing Yacht Building Company in Taiwan (also builders of the Mystic 60 and current range of Nordhavn motor yachts) and delivered to the UK in the spring of 1998, her original owner was unable to take delivery, so she was sold by Berthon to her current owner who has enjoyed her ever since. Upon arrival in the UK, further inventory items were added with a view to making CARINYA a fully self-sufficient ocean cruising yacht. Although rarely cruised much further than the English Channel, West Coast of Scotland and the West Coast of France, CARINYA boasts much of the equipment required for serious bluewater passages. Her solid yet slippery Bill Dixon lines will ensure safe and swift passage times and her simply epic build quality and attention to detail will ensure that she keeps going no matter what. A rare yacht to the UK on account of her high original build cost, CARINYA 49 is a real connoisseur’s choice. With the build quality of an Oyster, the feel of a Hylas but with the internal volume of a Moody, she has few equals in the market. For those needing a three cabin layout, she wins hands down especially at her very respectable £245,000 ask.



Jade is a high performance yacht designed by Bill Dixon, loaded with equipment, well maintained priced ready for her next adventure. Built at the famed TaShing shipyard, Jade is built tough, yet elegant, at once nimble and kind to her crew.  Designed for comfortable passage making, she is equally at home around local water, sailing safely and in luxury.

While foremost she is a serious cruising machine with modern but classic sleek lines, Jade is also a very comfortable home away from home.  Below-decks glow with the very finest teak workmanship, as stunning upon inspection as in the photos, with lockers and storage where they should be!  The workmanship is simply unmatched in most newer yachts.  She was designed not with just plush accommodations in mind, but with a superior turn of sail.  Easily handled by a couple or crew, Jade is fantastic offshore, and you'll find her sister ships around the world.

Construction is robust with a solid non-cored hull stiffened with heavy duty longitudinal stringers and traverse floor stingers for stability and strength.  Ballast material is lead, located deep in the long fully enclosed scheel keel.  

The deck design includes a low profile center cockpit, providing a dry cockpit underway, and excellent lounging opportunities when relaxing in the harbor.  There is a long teak rub rail to protect the hull, and high quality hardware is found on deck.  She carries a relatively wide beam, has a well rounded bilge, deep forefoot, and short overhangs.  She has a displacement of 32,000 pounds, while ballast ratio is 40%, providing great balance and kind motion for her crew. 

Jade is now ready for another adventure, loaded with gear, spares and cruising equipment.  It will be very hard to find another yacht built, equipped, and ready to go, as Jade is, for under $250,000.  Her owners are moving ashore, leaving behind for you a yacht maintained constantly to a high standard by long term, capable and knowledgeable owners.

If you are familiar with Oysters, Passports, Bristols or Hylas, and never seen a Taswell, you will be very surprised by the quality and value of Jade.  If you are looking for a well sailing, solidly built yacht in this size you should be looking at this Taswell 49!

